[Music]
here in southern India monsoon rains
mean that it's jackfruit season these
enormous 10 kilogram hulks
are the largest tree fruits in the world
a feast but until they're ripe they
remain completely inedible and macaques
unfortunately find it hard to tell which
ones are ready to eat
luckily help is at hand these giant
Malabar squirrels have a keen sense of
smell tuned into the hypest fruits the
macaques watch the squirrels every move
[Music]
then try to muscle in
when the squirrels hold their brand and
the cats have another trick to get their
ripe fruit to go they know that the
squirrels won't follow them down to the
ground
this tactic gives the monkeys access to
the bank of the bunch
[Music]